
We need someone who is good at dealing with people (on the phone and in person), finding addresses, taking good quality photos and writing short stories about properties they looked at. We offer a full time job starting at $600 per week base pay; plus incentives. We have a corporate account with Enterprise- full insurance coverage; for doing the field work with. This is a full time job and your weekly schedule is get your assignments and plan your week on Mondays; visit risks and take your photos on Tuesdays and Wednesdays; do photo attachments to our website- along with some brief descriptions (the "short stories")- on Thursdays and Fridays. Therefore- Mondays, Thursdays and Fridays you will be working from your home and should have a nice quiet work environment at your home for that purpose. Only two days do you generally go on the road.

We will teach you what you need to take photos of. These will be commercial properties that have applied for insurance policies- and the underwriters want to look at photos of the properties they are insuring. Many will be 'mixed use' buildings- with stores on the 1st floor and apartments above...many will be restaurants and some will be small plazas. Just about any commercial insurance policy could result in the underwriter wanting pictures of that property. We even get some homeowner policies to visit. 99% of "insureds" are very cooperative- they want these insurance policies very much!

You must conduct yourself very professionally. You must be a very polite, very friendly person. Every once in a while you will encounter an unpleasant "insured" and you should be absolutely unflappable- not the type that takes the situation and just makes it worse.

We have 40 field reps and every Monday we decide how to best utilize them- based on the assignments we have on hand. We try our best to get each field rep a nice "grouping" of work to do that is reasonably close to their home. We consider reasonably close to be within a 2 hour drive. We try not to ask any of our field rep's to go in multiple directions in one week- so one week your grouping might be in a "northerly" direction from your home...the next week it might be in a "westerly" direction. We also try to get our field rep's used to territories- so you might see a certain area much more than another area- especially if you tell us you "like" a certain area. We don't control the requests for visits- they come from over 20 different Insurance Companies- so we can't guarantee where you will be utilized. It is possible- but unlikely- that you would have to spend an overnight every once in a while- if so, we pay for it (you will get a company credit card).

Training is for 2 weeks. We pay you your full salary during training ($600/week) plus we pay all expenses. After the first two weeks we provide close support and we are very careful not to overload you with work- we don't want you to quit! For the first 3 or 4 months you will just be making your base pay and we will be paying all your expenses. After 3 or 4 months most field rep's become proficient (efficient) enough to start making more than just their base pay. We have an incentive program which rewards you based on your production- you will understand the program as you grow with us. Most of our field rep's make around $700/week plus expenses. Several make more than $800/week. How much you will make depends on how efficiently you can do the job and how many hours you want to work. Again- you will not make less than base pay ($600/week) plus all your expenses being paid by us, as long as you continue in a full time capacity.

We are not yet able to offer this as an employee position- you would receive a 1099 at the end of the year. We pay you twice per month (the 1st and the 16th). We are not yet able to offer health insurance but we will pay for vacation time (details provided at interview).

If you are interested in learning more then send us a cover letter that addresses things we have in this ad- that you find appealing...and attach your resume. Our posting title- "Picture Takerer" may not sound professional (mainly I was showing that we have a sense of humor!) - the real name for this position is "Loss Control Field Rep" and is thought of very highly by persons in the insurance industry. We are very experienced at teaching people how to become good ones! (and "yes"- I know that I use exclamation points and quotation marks too much!)

Thanks for reading my lengthy post and I hope you do decide to reply to it!

Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $31,200.00 to $45,000.00 /year

Benefits offered:

Paid time off